>> Steve Kinney: So what we're gonna
implement is a fallback image.
In this case, we might wanna say, hey,
go to the network, get me a given image,
right, maybe The Beatles, maybe Oasis or
something along those lines.
And if you cannot do that,
then I have this image for you.
And this is a really good use case of,
we might use this if we were building
a social media app or web insecurity app.
We could theoretically have,
go get me this user's avatar, but
if you can't,
here's that silhouette of a person.
Right, and so if they are offline, and
in a perfect world we would have cached
that user's avatar last
time we were online, but
let's assume in this case that we haven't.
We could say, go in,
see if you can get it.
If you can't,
fall back to this other image, right?
So going back, last time in that
glitch that we just looked at,
we took a look at anything
massive beetles URL, right?
In that case, we,
>> Steve Kinney: Said if you match that
we're gonna go ahead and fetch
the oasis one and send it back to you.
In this case, what we probably wanna
do is when this service worker loads,
we likely want to add that
fallback image which is
located at localhost:3100
/images/genericfallaback,.jpg.
Let's store that in our cache, right?
As soon as the service work installs.
Then, if we make a request and
that fetch fails, right,
but catch, right, cuz we know that fetches
only fail when there's a network error.
Okay, why don't we respond
with going into the cache and
getting that generic fallback image?
>> Steve Kinney: Some little helpful
hints is you can't really just do it for
everything, right?
Cuz they requested JavaScript
here is the fallback image,
that's not really a method for
happiness in your application.
So again, this highlights the fact that
we have problematic access, right?
We can take a look at the request,
we can see what it accepts, right?
And images one of the request headers
is they accept image/ star/ PNG,
JPEG, whatever.
And if it's located in the image directory
for our assets we now know this is
a probably a grocery item cuz that's just
the way the application is structured.
Then that's where we can step in,
figure out getting from the cache
something along those lines, right?
So this is here for you as well.
If you have the slides
open in a browser tab,
just make sure that you refresh them
cuz we have updated them since then.
If you don't see this slide,
just refresh and you will see it.
But your mission,
>> Steve Kinney: We want to ideally store
a fallback image.
In the cache, when a network request
comes in, if we can't get to the image,
we will go to the cache, get the fallback
image and send them that instead.
If you want to test what it's
like to have no internet,
you could theoretically turn off WiFi.
That will work, if you go into
the application tab and service worker,
right next to that update and
reload there is also an offline
check box which will,
the rest of your internet work.
But it will just tell Chrome at this
moment pretend I don't have internet.